DOC improve kernel PCA example (#19945)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/decomposition.rst

----------------

:class:`KernelPCA` is an extension of PCA which achieves non-linear
dimensionality reduction through the use of kernels (see :ref:`metrics`) [Scholkopf1997]_. It
has many applications including denoising, compression and structured
prediction (kernel dependency estimation). :class:`KernelPCA` supports both
``transform`` and ``inverse_transform``.

.. figure:: ../auto_examples/decomposition/images/sphx_glr_plot_kernel_pca_002.png
    :target: ../auto_examples/decomposition/plot_kernel_pca.html
    :align: center
    :scale: 75%

.. note::
    :meth:`KernelPCA.inverse_transform` relies on a kernel ridge to learn the
    function to map samples from the PCA basis into the original feature

>     spaces [Bakir2004]_. Thus, the reconstruction obtained with

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
    space [Bakir2004]_. Thus, the reconstruction obtained with
```

>     :meth:`KernelPCA.inverse_transform` relies on a kernel ridge to learn the
>     function to map samples from the PCA basis into the original feature
>     space [Bakir2004]_. Thus, the reconstruction obtained with
>     :meth:`KernelPCA.inverse_transform` is an approximation. See the example
>     linked below to go more into details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :meth:`KernelPCA.inverse_transform` relies on a kernel ridge to learn the
    function mapping samples from the PCA basis into the original feature
    space [Bakir2004]_. Thus, the reconstruction obtained with
    :meth:`KernelPCA.inverse_transform` is an approximation. See the example
    linked below for more details.
```
